Update docs for hosting stack on docker (#1296)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/the-things-stack/host/docker/configuration/index.md

If configuring {{% tts %}} as `localhost` on a machine with no public IP or DNS address, see the [`localhost`](#running-the-things-stack-as-localhost) section.

In addition to the written instructions below, video instructions for installing {{% tts %}} are available on [The Things Network youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcmgJMvMfZc).

<details><summary>Show video</summary>
{{< youtube "DcmgJMvMfZc" >}}
</details>

## Configuration Files

{{< tabs/container "Enterprise" "Open Source" >}}
{{< tabs/tab "Enterprise" >}}

> {{% tts %}} requires two configuration files when installing with Docker: `docker-compose.yml` and `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml`. The files are provided below:

Reviewer: move this in front of the container, it appears in both of them

Download the example `docker-compose.yml` for {{% tts %}} Enterprise <a href="docker-compose-enterprise.yml" download="docker-compose.yml">here</a>.

Download the example `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml` for {{% tts %}} Enterprise <a href="ttn-lw-stack-docker-enterprise.yml" download="ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml">here</a>.

{{< /tabs/tab >}}
{{< tabs/tab "Open Source" >}}

{{% tts %}} requires two configuration files when installing with Docker: `docker-compose.yml` and `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml`. The files are provided below:

Download the example `docker-compose.yml` for {{% tts %}} Open Source <a href="docker-compose-open-source.yml" download="docker-compose.yml">here</a>.

Download the example `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml` for {{% tts %}} Open Source <a href="ttn-lw-stack-docker-open-source.yml" download="ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml">here</a>.

{{< /tabs/tab >}}
{{< /tabs/container >}}

> After getting the files create the following folder structure with `docker-compose.yml`and `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the following folder structure with `docker-compose.yml`and `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml`:
```

    └── ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml    # configuration file for {{% tts %}}
```

> After that make sure you replace the example server address `thethings.example.com` in `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml` with your own. The easiest way to do this is to use the search and replace function in your preferred code editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you replace the example server address `thethings.example.com` in `ttn-lw-stack-docker.yml` with the address of your deployment. The easiest way to do this is to use the search and replace function in your preferred code editor.
```

> Next proceed to the instructions below for how to change additional settings for production deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, proceed to the instructions below on how to change additional settings for production deployments.
```
